Hey everybody, welcome to this course,
I'm really excited about it.
This is my third time
doing a DevTools course.
But this is a brand new format,
which I'm really excited about.
The DevTools have added a lot of
new cool things over the last year,
which I'm excited about.
And this one's gonna be a little bit
differently paced in that we're going for
a nice introduction to DevTools.
So we'll kind of cover it later,
but I'm hoping this course will be
a really good tool for people
whether you're absolutely brand new,
been using them a little bit for a little
while or are pretty comfortable and
just looking for cool kind of tips and
tricks and ways to be more productive.
This whole course is one single
repo that repo it's a link here for
https://github.com/jkup/mastering-chrome-devtools.
Or if you're not able to click on that,
you can just go to github.com/jkup.
Let me close this.
And you'll see it's right on my home page,
this mastering devtools link.
And it should be,
I've tried to make it as easy as possible.
So it's got instructions on it.
You just clone the repo, CD into it,
npm install and npm start.
And the only requirement is Node,
which comes with npm.
So kinda the way that the course works is
these pages which you can have locally
if you have the repo,
I'm just running the repo here so
you can kind of see,
I have mastering Chrome DevTools.
I did my npm install.
And now I can just do my npm start,
and it'll load up the server.
Then I go to localhost :3000, and
this should be the exact same
course that you all have.
Just some important links
to kind of refer back to.
This is the course repository
where this course is hosted.
The official docs to Chrome DevTools are
always a really good place they've been
especially over the last couple years.
They've put a lot of
good content on there.
They've got cool demos themselves.
When they do updates, they mark
them in there which is really good.
And if anybody needs to get ahold of me,
this is my Twitter handle,
Jkup and my email address.
And I love talking about DevTools and the
course so please feel free to message me.
That'd be kind of an interesting to
start because I feel like DevTools
are an interesting topic where
I'm really passionate about them.
I feel like a lot of people
find a lot of value in them but
they're a little bit of an interesting
topic because you won't necessarily find
them on the job application, right?
It wouldn't be like needs
Chrome DevTools experience.
So I thought it'd be kind of cool to
talk about why I think it's important to
learn DevTools.
I do think it's just a level up in
general, like it's a really cool way to
better understand code, better understand
performance, all those things.
It's a great tool for
finding bugs quickly.
I think that if you're somebody who's
really comfortable with the stuff that
we'll go over today, so like using
the console, using a step through debugger,
using the audit tools,
performance, all that,
you'll be able to find bugs at work and
fix them a lot faster.
It's a really cool way to start
your journey down web performance.
This is not a web performance class, but
it really touches on a lot
of web performance topics.
So it helps you learn network requests,
CPU, memory, all these things.
And if you are a web performance expert,
you will come back to DevTools a lot and
use them when you're auditing sites
when you're finding bugs or issues.
And then one of my favorite things about
them is it's like when I got started doing
web development,
my favorite thing was to browse the web,
find a really cool website and
then learn how it worked.
That was what I did when I was beginning.
And I feel like the DevTools are a really
incredible way to still do that.
I'll visit a website, and
it'll have a really cool animation, and
I'll really wanna know how it works.
And of course back in the day,
it was probably just like a single HTML,
a single CSS, and
a single JavaScript file.
So I could download the whole site and
play with it.
But these days sites are a lot
more complicated but
DevTools make the complicated
site very easy to understand.
Like how an animation happens, what CSS
they're using for a cool piece that you
see, or how they're getting things to load
so quickly, all sorts of stuff like that.
So I think they can be really fun for
just playing, exploring, learning too.
I also kind of wanted to make a note if
you look around, there's all these great
courses that exist all over the web,
especially on frontend masters.
And a lot of them come down to
this idea of creating, right?
There are about how to
create react applications or
how to create angular applications.
But there's not a lot of courses out there
that teach you what to do, congrats,
you have an app and
it's launched and you have users.
What do you do now?
And I find that a lot of people for their
day-to-day job are in that situation where
they're debugging things
that the users find, or
they're dealing with user
complaints about speed or
they're trying to make the site
load faster, something like that.
And so I think this is cool because
it works across all platforms,
whether you have an angular site,
react site, a node site, a Java site,
whatever, you can really learn a lot and
get a lot of value out of the DevTools.
Cool.
So kind of a general high
level course outline.
So we'll start with a little bit of
history on how DevTools came to be and
kind of leading from where
we started up to now.
Then we'll do a walk through the panels.
I kind of like it so
we'll open the DevTools together.
We'll click on each panel and
we'll do not necessarily a high level,
a medium level view of each panel,
what it's good for, what we can use it for
all these kind of
different things like that.
So we'll walk through those.
And then I break the course
into different sections.
So we'll do a section on editing websites,
one on debugging websites,
one on network performance, one on CPU
performance, one on memory performance.
And then we'll wrap up
with doing full audits.
If you were coming into a brand new site,
or
you're looking at an old site with fresh
eyes, how would we do a top down audit.
A little bit about me.
I'm John Kuperman, an engineer at Adobe
and I work on the Creative Cloud.
Before that I worked on the brave
browser and I worked on twitter.com.
I blog over at JohnKuperman.com and
I really like teaching workshops
on DevTools and accessibility.